Google Sheets: migrate actions to dedicated pages (#46252)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_actions/google_sheets.append_sheet.markdown

---
title: "Append sheet"
action: google_sheets.append_sheet
domain: google_sheets
description: "Adds rows of data to a Google Sheets document."
related_actions:
  - google_sheets.get_sheet
---

Use this action to add rows of data to the Google Sheets document that was created when you set up the integration. This is handy for storing data from Home Assistant for further processing, for example, logging energy usage over time.

{% include actions/ui_header.md %}

To append data from an automation or a script:

1. Go to {% my automations title="**Settings** > **Automations & scenes**" %}.
2. Open an existing automation or script, or select **Create automation** > **Create new automation**.
3. If you're setting up a new automation, add a trigger in the **When** section. Scripts don't need a trigger. They run when something else calls them.
4. In the **Then do** section, select **Add action**.
5. From the search box, search for and select **Google Sheets: Append sheet**.

> 6. Select the **Config entry** for the document you want to add to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Under **Integration**, select the **Sheet** you want to add to.
```
